RD-4279: Added 'Show first user journey buttons' option to the documentation (#2130)
cloudify-cosmo/docs.getcloudify.org: content/working_with/console/widgets/deployments.md

* `Refresh time interval` - The time interval in which the widget’s data will be refreshed, in seconds. Default: 10 seconds
* `Enable click to drill down` - This option enables redirecting to the deployment’s drill down page upon clicking on a specific deployments. Default: On
* `Show execution status label` - Allows showing last execution workflow ID and status near last execution status icon. Default: Off

> * `Show first user journey buttons` - When there are no installed deployments, it allows showing simplified view,  as shown below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Show first user journey buttons` - When there are no installed deployments, it presents a simplified view, as shown below.
```

![First user journey buttons]( /images/ui/widgets/blueprint-deployments_first_user_journey.png)

> There are 2 buttons in the view :

Reviewer 2: There's small formatting issue :-) 

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5202105/159430582-ed1d97d3-ea9b-4627-bfeb-dcce474cdce8.png)

Author: Nice catch!
On the smaller screen sizes (like laptop) it seems to be displayed properly, that's why I didn't spoted it
I'll be aware of it in the future, to check docs with possibly the biggest screen available 😁 

Thanks for checking and pointing that out 🎉

Author: Necessary changes has been provided 🎸
